hello Emily for reading for jamming this
is tutorial number eight of Java game
programming these tutorials call
creating a sound class or a game to keep
the audio clips of our game we create a
sound class which will have a constant
with venerable clip for each of the
sounds we use these constants are public
so that any object which have access to
them can play them for example in the
old truss we can play the sound or the
passing of the pole you same sound dot 4
dot play at the moment we know the ball
changes its direction let's copy the
code for the sound here we are this is a
quite an easy class as you can see it
uses the method new audio clip of applet
which we saw in the last tutorial with
an you are L object with it get film
sound dot class dot get press host and
the name of the file it's enough with
the name of the file because it's the
same package as sound and sound
please don't get confuse with this it is
in the package 7 even if we are in the
tutorial AIDS because at the beginning
these two tutorials were only one
unelected like this not to change all
the code they object how their clips
will be created when the sound class
loads the first time someone uses the
sound class when are these objects going
to be created it is not very important
because they are in the this class so
they're going to be created quickly and
the first time the Java load sound in
memory which is the first time someone
calls sound automatically all the
constants are create these constants are
the same as the ones we have seen before
but these are public
as you can see instead of private so
they can be used from outside so many
other class they can be used once and
again as I told you when this object is
created it is loaded in memory and it's
time we do play it is reused for example
this click ball will be use each time a
ball bounces you seem play play play we
don't need to reload it in memory time
let's copy the class again
you
let's copy also the class for
we also need the cast racquets as
nothing has changed as copied from this
other package
okay now let's see the modifications you
gain what we first execute is this
installation sound got back talk you in
the construction of game when we first
run the game we do sound dot battle loop
this means that we're going to do an
infinite loop to the clip back this is
the first time we talk about the class
sound so it is when the class sound is
loaded this instruction could take a bit
because it's going to load all the audio
clips but it's a good place because the
game isn't playing yet in a real game we
could put a pop-up while the game is
being loaded when this finishes
everything has been loaded so we
wouldn't have a delay when the for
example the ball bounces because of
sound of the ball was being told that
this isn't going to happen
sound back loop starts with an la
nanananana and here being game over
which is when the game finishes the
first instruction is sound back stop so
that lalala lalala stops here you can
see that the second instruction is going
to be sound game over dot clay which
plays the game over buddy
after this we write Papa these are all
the modification of the glass game let's
take a look at the glass whoa in the
method move we have to set a sound board
or play but only when the ball bounces
when this happens and this happens and
this happens we have to make the sound
I could write sound dot ball play this I
could write it here and here and here
instead of instead of doing this I've
created a boolean
name change direction which I said to -
this means that it always is going to
change direction if it bounces
this is executed if not this is executed
and so on the last else means that it
didn't bounce in any place I can say
that it didn't change direction so I
think I said ten generation to false
here I do an if if I change direction I
execute the sound I did this to make it
a bit more complicated because I could
have written each time here so sound of
ball dog play here here I didn't change
anything in racket okay let's try it see
is family bounces it makes her sound now
we're going to make it go the background
music stops and we hear the game over
buddy we click acept
and the program finishes ok this is all
for this tutorial see you in the next
one bye